Update office-add-ins-community-call.md (#4606)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/office-add-ins-community-call.md

The Microsoft Office Add-ins community call is a monthly call where you can learn more about new features, development practices, and additional information about creating Office Add-ins. The community call occurs the second Wednesday of each month at 7:00 AM Pacific Time. You can download the calendar invite at <https://aka.ms/officeaddinscommunitycall>.

## Agenda for June 12, 2024 call

> The agenda for the June Office Add-ins community call:
> * Dev tools update for WXP add-ins
> * Excel add-ins update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agenda for the June Office Add-ins community call:
* Developer tools update for Word, Excel, and PowerPoint add-ins.
* Excel add-ins update.
```
